docs: update readme file (#250)
stoplightio/spectral: README.md

Currently, the CLI supports validation of OpenAPI documents and lints them based on our default ruleset. It does not support custom rulesets at this time. Although if you want to build and run custom rulesets outside of the CLI, see [Customization](#Customization).

## Programmatic usage

> Should you need to use Spectral as a library feel free to check out the ["Using Spectral in code"](docs/js-api.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spectral is written in TypeScript (JavaScript) and can be used directly for when working with the CLI isn't the right approach. Take a look at our ["JavaScript API documentation"](docs/js-api.md).
```

## Rulesets

You can find all about [rulesets here](docs/rulesets.md).

> 

Reviewer: Yeah lets keep these under "## Concepts" and then move the creating and editing stuff elsewhere.

This example uses the OpenAPI v3 rules to lint a document.

> ```ts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```js
```

Author: cool!

const { Spectral } = require('@stoplight/spectral');
const { oas3Functions, rules: oas3Rules } = require('@stoplight/spectral/rulesets/oas3');
// for YAML
const { parseWithPointers } = require("@stoplight/yaml");

// Using the anonymous async wrapper for the sake of the example.

> (async function() {

Reviewer 2: AFAIR we wanted to avoid having an async IIFE in the documentation.

Author: Did we? I makes the whole example less readable imo

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we did.
We had a discussion about examples when releasing 2.0
I don't remember the reasoning behind that decision anymore, but there was some.
@tbarn, do you still recall it?

Reviewer 2: I like the IIFE version more as well, though.

Reviewer 2: I like the IIFE version more as well, though.

Reviewer: Looking at this example I am actually struggling to understand what is being done. Why don't we keep the README focusing on the CLI usage and show how easily you can get pretty or JSON errors back, then we can strip out all the JS Lib usage and make a new docs/js-api.md.

Author: @P0lip changed to plain promises

Author: @philsturgeon sure why not!

Reviewer 3: In order to have a working example, it needed that async in there. Otherwise, it would just run as is.

Think of a set of **rules** and **functions** as a flexible and customizable style guide for your JSON objects.

## Programmatic usage

> Spectral is written in TypeScript (JavaScript) and can be used directly for when working with the CLI isn't the right approach. Take a look at our ["JavaScript API documentation"](docs/js-api.md).

Reviewer 3: Instead of saying "right approach," say "for when you need to use Spectral programatically."
